Add stats agg api (#524)
timescale/docs: api/stats_agg.md

# stats_agg() <tag type="toolkit" content="toolkit" />
An aggregate that produces a StatsSummary from `DOUBLE PRECISION` values. 

Statistical aggregates can be done on either a single variable, in which case
only one-dimensional aggregates are calculated or two variables, in which case
one-dimensional aggregates are calculated for each and linear regression is performed
on both together. 

For more information about statistical aggregation functions, see the
[hyperfunctions documentation][hyperfunctions-stats-agg].

> ## 1D Statistical Aggregates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1D Statistical Aggregates
When you perform a statistical aggregate on a single variable, a 
one-dimensional aggregate is calculated.
```

Just to avoid this being a naked heading.

> ## 1D Statistical Aggregates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1D statistical aggregates
```

> ## Required arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Required arguments
```

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|value|DOUBLE PRECISION|The variable to use for the statistical aggregate|

The `value` argument is currently only accepted as a DOUBLE PRECISION number.

> If you store a valueas a different numeric type you can cast to DOUBLE PRECISION 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you store a value as a different numeric type you can cast to DOUBLE PRECISION 
```

> on input to thefunction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on input to the function.
```

<highlight type="note">

> Note that `value` can be NULL, but the aggregate is not evaluated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `value` can be NULL, but the aggregate is not evaluated
```

> on NULL values. This means that if the aggregate receives only a NULL value, it will
> return NULL, it will not return an error. If non-NULL values are also received, the NULL 
> values will be ignored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on NULL values. This means that if the aggregate receives only a NULL value, it 
returns NULL, it does not return an error. If non-NULL values are also received, the NULL 
values are ignored. 
```

</highlight>

> 
> ## Returns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Returns
```

|Column|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|stats_agg|StatsSummary1D|A one-dimensional StatsSummary object that can be passed to accessor functions or other objects in the stats aggregate API|

> ## 2D Statistical Aggregates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2D statistical aggregates
When you perform a statistical aggregate on two variables, 
one-dimensional aggregates are calculated for each variable, 
and linear regression is performed on both together. 
```

> ## Required arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Required arguments
```

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|Y|DOUBLE PRECISION|The dependent variable to use for the statistical aggregate|
|X|DOUBLE PRECISION|The independent variable to use for the statistical aggregate|

The `Y` and `X`  arguments are currently only accepted as DOUBLE PRECISION numbers.

> If you store a valueas a different numeric type you can cast to DOUBLE PRECISION 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you store a value as a different numeric type you can cast to DOUBLE PRECISION 
```

on input to the function.

> Note that the function is called with the dependent variable first (`stats_agg(Y, X)`)
> this may feel unusual to some as the independent variable is often first in non-SQL contexts. 
> However, PostgreSQL and the SQL standard follow the convention of putting the dependent variable
> first in linear regression type functions and we have followed suit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function is called with the dependent variable first (`stats_agg(Y, X)`). 
This might seem unusual, because the independent variable is usually first 
in non-SQL contexts. However, PostgreSQL and the SQL standard follow 
the convention of putting the dependent variable first in linear regression 
type functions, and this function works in the same way. 
```

<highlight type="note">
Note that `value` can be NULL, but the aggregate is not evaluated

> on NULL values. This means that if the aggregate receives only a NULL value, it will
> return NULL, it will not return an error. If non-NULL values are also received, the NULL 
> values will be ignored. Both `Y` and `X` must be non-NULL for the row to be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on NULL values. This means that if the aggregate receives only a NULL value, it 
returns NULL, it does not return an error. If non-NULL values are also received, the NULL 
values are ignored. Both `Y` and `X` must be non-NULL for the row to be included.
```

</highlight>

> 
> ## Returns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Returns
```

|Column|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|stats_agg|StatsSummary1D|A StatsSummary object that can be passed to accessor functions or other objects in the stats aggregate API|

> 
> <!---Any special notes about the returns-->
> 
> ## Sample usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sample usage
```
